Publish a JSON Schema for coverage.json (#1184)
colszowka/simplecov: README.md

> The JSON formatter was originally a separate gem called [simplecov_json_formatter](https://github.com/codeclimate-community/simplecov_json_formatter). It is now built in and loaded by default. Existing code that does `require "simplecov_json_formatter"` will continue to work.

> ### `coverage.json` schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SimpleCov JSON coverage format schema
```

> The `coverage.json` payload is treated as a public contract. Every emitted file carries a `meta.schema_version` (`"major.minor"`) describing which version of the schema it conforms to. A JSON Schema (draft-07) lives in the repo at [`schemas/coverage.schema.json`](schemas/coverage.schema.json); downstream tools can use it to validate inputs, generate types, or pin themselves to a known shape.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generated `coverage.json` is covered by the [JSON Schema](schemas/coverage.schema.json), so that tools can validate and use it as interchangeable  format.

The schema is versioned, with the version stored in `meta.schema_version` (`"major.minor"`).
```

The schema version is independent of the gem version:

- Additive changes (new fields) bump the **minor** segment. Existing consumers keep working.
- Removals or shape changes bump the **major** segment.

The current version is **1.0**. Top-level structure:

```jsonc
{
  "meta":     { /* schema_version, simplecov_version, command_name, project_name, timestamp, root, branch_coverage, method_coverage */ },
  "total":    { /* aggregate stats for lines (and branches / methods when enabled) */ },
  "coverage": { "<project-relative path>": { /* per-file lines, source, branches, methods, etc. */ } },
  "groups":   { "<group name>": { /* per-group stats + files */ } },
  "errors":   { /* minimum_coverage, minimum_coverage_by_file, minimum_coverage_by_group, maximum_coverage_drop violations */ }
}

> ```

Reviewer: Would be nice to get full example for some minimal 'Hello World' script (that covers all features).
